---
description: >-
  We #BUIDL Passive Income with Real Estate for Everyone. Discover Real Estate
  investing with REtoken | The Real Estate DAO.
---

# 🏡 with Real Estate

## We #BUIDL Passive Income with Real Estate for Everyone

During our [White Paper Working Groups](../../participate/working-groups/white-paper-working-groups.md), we decided and thought that it would be fun to create this Lite Paper with five sections.

Welcome to the _**with Real Estate**_ section of our Lite Paper.

1. 👥｜[We](1.md)
2. 🛠｜[#BUIDL](2.md)
3. 💰｜[Passive Income](3.md)
4. 🏡｜[with Real Estate](4.md)
5. 👥｜[for Everyone](5.md)

## What is Real Estate?

Real Estate is property consisting of land and buildings along with any natural resources such as minerals and crops contained within a specified area of land. Real Estate generally consists of immovable property that is affixed to the land.

## Why Real Estate Investing?

Real Estate investing is a multi-faceted method for obtaining income. First, Real Estate that is carefully selected in desirable locations tends to increase in value over time. This is known as equity and can be used as collateral to finance projects or is received in cash at the time of Real Estate sale. Second, Real Estate can be rented to tenants in exchange for cash or other value. Finally, Real Estate allows for significant tax benefits to reduce the tax burden of owners. REtoken DAO seeks to leverage the benefits of each of these areas to generate income for holders.

## REtoken DAO’s Real Estate Approach

REtoken DAO’s operating model is geared towards the acquisition of residential real estate. These properties may take the form of single family detached, semi-detached, or row homes. They may also take the form of multi-unit housing such as duplexes or quadplexes. REtoken DAO seeks to acquire and tokenize properties to allow for broad ownership interests which are maintained as a form of passive income to holders. Community votes will take place based on quantitative inputs to identify potential properties for acquisition.
